This is where every damage claim and injury report lands.
p02
One list, under Operations.
p03
When a customer calls about a scratch from the tunnel,
p04
or a manager reports someone hurt on site, the record lives right here.
p05
Know this screen and you can pull up any incident without hunting through menus.
p06
Five columns run across the top.
p07
Report number, type, location, date, status.
p08
Read them left to right and you have the whole story of an incident
p09
before you open a single record.
p10
Look at the first column.
p11
Every report number starts with I-R, then a short code for what happened.
p12
The code is not decoration.
p13
It tells you the kind of incident at a glance, before you read anything else.
p14
Now the type column, and this is the part to memorize.
p15
Five kinds of report, five codes.
p16
Customer Injury is C-I.
p17
Employee Injury, E-I.
p18
Property Damage is P.
p19
Vehicle Damage, V.
p20
And wash equipment damage carries W-E-D.
p21
Every incident you log is one of these five.
p22
Over on the right, the status.
p23
Most reports sit at Open.
p24
One here reads Under Review.
p25
That is the report's place in its lifecycle,
p26
so a quick scan of this column tells you what still needs attention.
p27
Third column, the location code.
p28
Each report is tagged to the site where it happened,
p29
shown as a short code like the ones in this list.
p30
On a support call, that tag tells you which wash and which manager you are dealing with.
p31
Then the date.
p32
Written year first, month, then day,
p33
so the column sorts cleanly and reads the same for everyone.
p34
It is the day the incident occurred, not the day someone typed it up.
p35
Say the list is hundreds long, not five.
p36
The search box up top takes a report number or a keyword and narrows the table as you type.
p37
When a customer gives you a claim number, this is your fastest way in.
p38
Next to it, two more tools.
p39
Filters opens options to narrow the list, and the Search button runs what you have entered.
p40
We are not stepping through the filter choices here.
p41
At the bottom, a count.
p42
Showing one through five of five records, on a single page.
p43
On a busy site, this footer and its page arrows are how you work through the backlog.
p44
Top right sits New Report.
p45
That is how a fresh incident gets started, and it opens by asking for the report type.
p46
On camera we open it to show the choices, then cancel straight back out.
p47
We file nothing today.
p48
So the incident log, in one screen.
p49
Five report types, each with its own code.
p50
A status that shows what is still open.
p51
Search and filters for when the list runs long.
p52
Picture the calls: a scratched car is Vehicle Damage,
p53
an employee who slips is Employee Injury, and both are logged right here.
p54
Learn the five types now, because on a support call you will be naming them from memory.